README.md, before:


# 📘 Dictionary App

A simple, web-based dictionary built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Users can search for any word to get its definition, pronunciation, synonyms, and antonyms.
## 🚀 Features

- 🔍 **Search Functionality**: Users can search for any English word.
- 📖 **Word Meaning**: Displays clear and concise definitions of the word.
- 🗣️ **Pronunciation Audio**: Hear how the word is pronounced.
- 🟢 **Synonyms**: View a list of words with similar meaning.
- 🔴 **Antonyms**: View a list of words with opposite meaning.
- ⚠️ **Error Handling**: User-friendly messages when a word is not found.
....
---
## 🛠 Tech Stack

- *HTML* – Structure of the app  
- *CSS* – Styling and layout  
- *JavaScript* – Logic and interactivity  
- *[Free Dictionary API]* – For fetching word data

---
## 📦 How to Run the Project

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/dictionary-app.git
   
👥 Team Members
1.Saihajpreet Kaur
2.Ranjot Kaur
3.Ronit Khanna
4.Om Aggarwal


💡 Future Improvements
📚 Show example usage of the word in a sentence

⭐ Allow saving favorite words (localStorage)

🕓 Add search history for quick access

🌙 Dark mode toggle

📱 Improve responsive design for mobile devices

Commit message:

Add project overview section to README

README.md, after:


#  Dictionary App

##📘 Overview
WordWave is a modern Dictionary Web Application that allows users to look up word definitions, phonetics, synonyms, and usage examples in real-time. It utilizes the Free Dictionary API to deliver accurate and up-to-date word data. Built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, the application features voice search, search history, and responsive design for a smooth and interactive experience across devices.

## 🚀 Features

- 🔍 **Search Functionality**: Users can search for any English word.
- 📖 **Word Meaning**: Displays clear and concise definitions of the word.
- 🗣️ **Pronunciation Audio**: Hear how the word is pronounced.
- 🟢 **Synonyms**: View a list of words with similar meaning.
- 🔴 **Antonyms**: View a list of words with opposite meaning.
- ⚠️ **Error Handling**: User-friendly messages when a word is not found.
....
---
## 🛠 Tech Stack

- *HTML* – Structure of the app  
- *CSS* – Styling and layout  
- *JavaScript* – Logic and interactivity  
- *[Free Dictionary API]* – For fetching word data

---
## 📦 How to Run the Project

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/dictionary-app.git
   
👥 Team Members
1.Saihajpreet Kaur
2.Ranjot Kaur
3.Ronit Khanna
4.Om Aggarwal


💡 Future Improvements
📚 Show example usage of the word in a sentence

⭐ Allow saving favorite words (localStorage)

🕓 Add search history for quick access

🌙 Dark mode toggle

📱 Improve responsive design for mobile devices
